Whoop regression project:
At end of day, input day’s strain + previous day recovery, sleep and strain score to predict next morning recovery score

pre-scaled, filtered raw data included 177 days of data for 23 features
final feature table contains 165 days: scaled, cleaned (outliers), filtered

model target performance: ### target performance / metric: make recovery score predictions within 10% (lower or higher) than ground truth recovery score
mean squared error for regression (MSE)

ML system process:
1. Generate idea + big picture problem
2. Collect data
3. Explore data: types of features, data types, ranges, visualize distributions, correlations, outlier detection
4. Prepare data for ML algorithms: select features, convert nominal/categorical data to numerical, normalize/standardize values, drop missing values, drop outliers
5. Select a model and train it
6. Iterate/fine-tune model/solution
7. Present/deploy and document model

intial model: Whoop regression project: (hours spent per task)
1. Generate idea + big picture problem | (0.5)
Before bed, can I predict next morning's recovery score based on today's strain (workload) and yesterday's recovery score?

2. Collect data (0.5)
Export physiological cycles data from Whoop: 177 days, 23 bio-metrics

3. Explore data (1.5)
Mixed features: date-time objects, Heart rate (big value range), respiratory rate (low value range), mostly normal distributions (gaussian) via histograms/kde plots, 
correlation anaylis: HRV highly correlated with overall recovery (pair plots). Couple outliers: days where I had slept only ~1-2 hours (via box plots).

4. Prepare data for ML algorithms: (1.5)
Chose 'top' 8 influential features (personal and research based bio-metrics, had a fairly good concept of what's important thanks to my athletic background), and 1
target variable: Recovery Score %. Shifted dates to reflect data of previous day (except strain), so that the physiological cycle could be inputted at night and predict next
day's recovery. Dropped rows with missing values. Dropped rows with < 100 minutes sleep. Because feature data was fairly gaussian/normal, features (but not target variable, recovery score)
were standardized to 0 mean and sd 1. 

final data: 165 days, 8 features, 1 target variable.


7. Present/deploy and document model (0.5)